README.md, before:

# **Tech maturity by Ticketmaster** [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Ticketmaster/techmaturity.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Ticketmaster/techmaturity) [![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/Ticketmaster/techmaturity/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/Ticketmaster/techmaturity) [![Test Coverage](https://codeclimate.com/github/Ticketmaster/techmaturity/badges/coverage.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/Ticketmaster/techmaturity/coverage)
---- 

## What is Tech maturity?
Tech Maturity helps us identify growth opportunities to eliminate waste, set clearly defined targets, and measure progress all while we work toward the ultimate goal of continuous delivery.

The model charts a clear path that can be completed in stages and allows flexibility for progressing through five key dimensions of software development: Code, Build & Test, Release, Operate, and Optimize.

For Ticketmaster’s move to the public cloud, the model served as a “cloud readiness" gauge that quantifies how close a product is to being ready for migration. This was achieved by establishing targets for a subset of capabilities that we believe define the minimum requirements for any product or service in the public cloud. This gives teams who own legacy products a clear goal to work toward that they can easily track. It also allows the company to operate in a decentralized, self-service way so that teams can run with their migrations without delay.

You can’t tell if you’re winning without a scoreboard, so we created a portal to gather, aggregate, and display patterns from the data assembled and made it visible to everyone in the company. Strategically, Tech Maturity provides a key indicator of our performance so that we can continually make value-driven improvements.

The best thing about our model is that it does not prescribe solutions. Rather, it offers standards with an aim to give teams a clear path towards efficient product development at scale. The model can be easily tailored to meet your specific needs. Ticketmaster has technology ranging from the 1970’s to today, and we have been able to successfully apply this model to products ranging from VAX code to JavaScript libraries. It’s a great vehicle for sharing and rallying around a common vision

We’re excited to see the response from the community, and are thrilled to share this tool with others.

[Watch the Video](https://youtu.be/LLAg_LxuBzM)

Learn more about [Tech Maturity](https://tech.ticketmaster.com/2016/11/08/getting-to-innovation-faster/)

----
## Try it out!
1. [Get Docker](https://www.docker.com/get-docker)
2. run `docker run -p 3000:3000 ticketmaster/techmaturity:2.0.0`
3. open up `http://localhost:3000` in your web browser 🚀

----
## Contribution
1. Fork the project
2. Commit code changes to the forked repo
3. Squash the commit
4. Send a pull request and one of our team members will jump in


----
## Contact

Reach out to us at techmaturity@ticketmaster.com

Commit message:

Adding backup command to save docker progress

README.md, after:

# **Tech maturity by Ticketmaster** [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Ticketmaster/techmaturity.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Ticketmaster/techmaturity) [![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/Ticketmaster/techmaturity/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/Ticketmaster/techmaturity) [![Test Coverage](https://codeclimate.com/github/Ticketmaster/techmaturity/badges/coverage.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/Ticketmaster/techmaturity/coverage)
---- 

## What is Tech maturity?
Tech Maturity helps us identify growth opportunities to eliminate waste, set clearly defined targets, and measure progress all while we work toward the ultimate goal of continuous delivery.

The model charts a clear path that can be completed in stages and allows flexibility for progressing through five key dimensions of software development: Code, Build & Test, Release, Operate, and Optimize.

For Ticketmaster’s move to the public cloud, the model served as a “cloud readiness" gauge that quantifies how close a product is to being ready for migration. This was achieved by establishing targets for a subset of capabilities that we believe define the minimum requirements for any product or service in the public cloud. This gives teams who own legacy products a clear goal to work toward that they can easily track. It also allows the company to operate in a decentralized, self-service way so that teams can run with their migrations without delay.

You can’t tell if you’re winning without a scoreboard, so we created a portal to gather, aggregate, and display patterns from the data assembled and made it visible to everyone in the company. Strategically, Tech Maturity provides a key indicator of our performance so that we can continually make value-driven improvements.

The best thing about our model is that it does not prescribe solutions. Rather, it offers standards with an aim to give teams a clear path towards efficient product development at scale. The model can be easily tailored to meet your specific needs. Ticketmaster has technology ranging from the 1970’s to today, and we have been able to successfully apply this model to products ranging from VAX code to JavaScript libraries. It’s a great vehicle for sharing and rallying around a common vision

We’re excited to see the response from the community, and are thrilled to share this tool with others.

[Watch the Video](https://youtu.be/LLAg_LxuBzM)

Learn more about [Tech Maturity](https://tech.ticketmaster.com/2016/11/08/getting-to-innovation-faster/)

----
## Try it out!
1. [Get Docker](https://www.docker.com/get-docker)
2. run `docker run -p 3000:3000 ticketmaster/techmaturity:2.0.0`
3. open up `http://localhost:3000` in your web browser 🚀

If you want to backup your progress, run `bin/backup` to copy production.sqlite3 to your local directory.

----
## Contribution
1. Fork the project
2. Commit code changes to the forked repo
3. Squash the commit
4. Send a pull request and one of our team members will jump in


----
## Contact

Reach out to us at techmaturity@ticketmaster.com
